Update nextflow-workflow.rst (#238)
KwanLab/Autometa: docs/source/nextflow-workflow.rst

If you are using a Slurm scheduler, you will need to create a configuration file. If you do not have a scheduler, skip ahead to "Running Autometa".

First you will need to know the name of your slurm partition. Run :code:`sinfo` to find this. In the example below, the partition name is "queue".

.. image:: ../img/slurm_partitions.png

Next, generate a new file called slurm_nextflow.config via nano:

.. code-block:: bash

    nano slurm_nextflow.config

Then copy the following code block into that new file:

.. code-block:: bash

    profiles {
            slurm {
                process.executor       = "slurm"
                process.queue = "queue" // <<-- change this to whatever your partition is called
                // queue is the slurm partition to use in our case
                docker.enabled         = true
                docker.userEmulation   = true
                singularity.enabled    = false
                podman.enabled         = false
                shifter.enabled        = false
                charliecloud.enabled   = false
                executor {
                    queueSize = 8
                }
            }
        }

> Keep this file somewhere central to you. For the sake of this example I will be keeping it in a folder called "Useful scripts" in my home directory e.g. :code:`/home/me/Useful_scripts/slurm_nextflow.config`

Author: I've put my reasoning in the docs now, but I always recommend to the SA crew to keep important scripts in either Slurm-scripts (if it's a batch script) or a folder called "Useful scripts" for anything else that's useful and not linked to a particular project. Helps them keep things organized otherwise it all sits in the equivalent of "home/sam/" and takes on the form of an unorganized desktop very quickly :)

Autometa can bin one or several metagenomic datasets in one run. Regardless of the number of metagenomes you want to process, you will need to provide a sample sheet which specifies the name of your sample, the full path to where that data is found. If the metagenome was assembled via SPAdes, Autometa can extract coverage and contig length information from the sequence headers. If you used a different assembler you will need to provide either raw reads for coverage calculation or a table of contig/scaffold coverage. Full details for data preparation can be `found here <https://autometa.readthedocs.io/en/latest/nextflow-workflow.html#sample-sheet-preparation>`_

First ensure that your Autometa conda environment is activated. You can activate your environment by running:

.. code-block:: bash
    conda activate autometa-nf

Navigate to where your metagenome files are and run the following code to launch Autometa:

.. code-block:: bash

    nf-core launch KwanLab/Autometa
    
You will now use the arrow keys to move up and down between your options and hit your "Enter" or "Return" key to make your choice.

> Menu 1:

Author: I think this would be a fab idea if each menu had a title of sorts. I could add that in I suppose e.g. Menu1 : Version choice, Menu2: Interface choice etc etc? I'll do that but can change it back if you don't like it :) Not sure about adding each one to the index though? I don't think its entirely necessary but as the boss you could persuade me otherwise if you feel strongly on this point?

> Menu 1:

Reviewer: Right, so adding a title of sorts to each menu with a properly formatted header will generate an index for the section. So I guess I meant this adding these headers will implicitly add an index for the section.

For example, by adding this, the navigation along the left would have a `+` button next to `running Autometa` under `Quick Start`

Similar to some other sections with expandable sub-sections (like what is shown in the screenshot for `Basic`, `Advanced` and `Data Preparation`):

![Screen Shot 2022-02-15 at 12 44 00](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25933122/154118851-cc59cd47-cb6a-43ac-977f-35ff8224c57f.png)

Menu 3:
If you are using a scheduler (Slurm in this example) the only thing you'll need to change is the profile option. If you are not using a scheduler, leave this blank.

.. image:: ../img/Menu3.png

Menu 4:
Now we need to give Autometa the full path to where to find our sample sheet, where to put the output (it will generate a folder per metagenome in this folder) and where to store all the log files (aka the trace files)

.. image:: ../img/Menu4.png

Menu 5:
This is where you can change your binning parameters. If you're not sure what you're doing I would recommend only changing the "length_cutoff". 
The default cutoff is 3000bp, which means that any contigs/scaffolds smaller than 3000bp will not be considered for binning. This cutoff will depend on how good your assembly is: E.g. if your N50 is 1200 bp, I would chose a cutoff of 1000. If your N50 is more along the lines of 5000, I would leave the cutoff at the default 3000. I would strongly recommend against choosing a number below 900 here. In the example below, I have chosen a cutoff of 1000bp as my assembly wasn't particularly great

.. image:: ../img/Menu5.png

Menu 6:
Here you have a choice to make:

> By enabling taxonomy aware mode, Autometa wll attempt to use taxonomic data to make your bins more accurate. However, this is a more computational expensive step and will make the process take longer. By leaving this option as the default "False" option, Autometa will bin according to kmer patterns.

Reviewer: Can you break this up into multiple lines to avoid the text-wrapping?

```suggestion
By enabling taxonomy aware mode, Autometa will attempt to use taxonomic data to make your bins more accurate. However, this is a more computationally expensive step and will make the process take longer. By leaving this option as the default "False" option, Autometa will bin according to coverage and kmer patterns.
```

.. image:: ../img/Menu6.png

Menu 7:
This will depend on the computational resources you have available. You could start with the default values and see how the binning goes. If you have particularly complex datasets you may want to bump this up a bit. For your average metagenome (i.e. NOT Tb worth of assembled data - you need `large data mode for that <https://autometa.readthedocs.io/en/latest/scripts/binning/large_data_mode.html?highlight=large%20data%20mode>`_), you won't need more than 150Gb of memory. I've opted to use 75 Gb as a starting point for a few biocrust (somewhat diverse) metagenomes. 

.. image:: ../img/Menu7.png

Last few options:
You will now be presented with a choice. If you are NOT using a scheduler, you can go ahead an type y to launch the workflow. If you are using a scheduler, type n - we have one more step to go. In the example below, I am using a scheduler so I have typed n to deny the immediate run.

.. image:: ../img/launch_choice.png

> If you recall, we created a file called :code:`slurm_nextflow.config` that contains the information Autometa will need to talk to the Slurm scheduler. We need to include that file using the :code:`-c` flag (or configuration flag). Therefore to launch the Autometa run I would run the following command (you would change the :code:`/home/sam/Useful_scripts/` file path to what is appropriate for your system):

Reviewer: Can you break this up into multiple lines to avoid the text-wrapping?

```suggestion
If you recall, we created a file called :code:`slurm_nextflow.config` that contains the information Autometa will need to talk to the Slurm scheduler. We need to include that file using the :code:`-c` flag (or configuration flag). Therefore to launch the Autometa workflow I would run the following command (you would change the :code:`/home/sam/slurm_nextflow.config` file path to what is appropriate for your system):
```

    +-------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+

Quick start
###########
The following is a condensed summary of steps required to get Autometa installed, configured and running. There are links throughout to the appropriate documentation sections that can provide more detail if required.

Installation
************

> For full installation instructions, please see the :ref:`Installation` section

Reviewer: 🐞 😕  The cross-reference is self-referencing because the same header is used in this document as is used in `installation.rst`

Since this section is titled `Installation`, the cross-reference is referencing itself. To get around this, we can add a custom anchor, e.g.

### Example different document to be referenced:

```rst
.. _anchor-to-place-before-where-you-want-to-reference:

===================
Section being referenced
===================
```

### Example usage in current document doing the cross-referencing

```rst
:ref:`anchor-to-place-before-where-you-want-to-reference`
```

### Suggested change for `Autometa/docs/source/installation.rst`

```rst
.. _installation-page:

============
Installation
============
```

### Example usage in current document doing the cross-referencing

```suggestion
For full installation instructions, please see the :ref:`installation-page` section
```

If you are not using a scheduler, you may skip this step.

.. image:: ../img/Menu3.png

.. _quickstart-menu-4:

**Input and Output**

Now we need to give Autometa the full paths to our input sample sheet, output results folder 
and output logs folder (aka where trace files are stored). 

.. note::

    A new folder, named by its respective sample value, will be created within the output results folder for 
    each metagenome listed in the sample sheet.

.. image:: ../img/Menu4.png

.. _quickstart-menu-5:

**Binning parameters**

If you're not sure what you're doing I would recommend only changing ``length_cutoff``. 
The default cutoff is 3000bp, which means that any contigs/scaffolds smaller than 3000bp will not be considered for binning. 

.. note::

    This cutoff will depend on how good your assembly is: e.g. if your N50 is 1200 bp, I would choose a cutoff of 1000. 
    If your N50 is more along the lines of 5000, I would leave the cutoff at the default 3000. I would strongly recommend
    against choosing a number below 900 here. In the example below, I have chosen a cutoff of 1000bp as my assembly was 

>     not particularly great.

Reviewer: What was the N50 for the assembly you mention? This may be helpful to the reader

> In the example below, I have chosen a cutoff of 1000bp as my assembly was 
    not particularly great.
